experiments
30192
ig_ios_translation_universe: test
ig_ios_story_tray_close_viewer_scroll_position_universe: test_full_head_ahead
ig_ios_dash_for_vod_universe: prefetch_4s_prebuffer_7s
ig_ios_post_capture_filter: test_with_randomization_new_subtle_bright_filters_with_label
ig_ios_retain_cycle_detection_universe: control
ig_ios_story_cta_animation_universe: TwoSecondFillAnimation
ig_ios_dont_include_app_in_background_time: Disabled
ig_ios_show_account_dropdown: Disabled
ig_ios_feed_hide_location_button_chevron: Test
ig_ios_search_scroll: control
ig_ios_feed_follow_button_redesign_universe: test
ig_ios_finsta_promotion_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_appstore_preloading_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_analytics_strip_non_json_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_show_open_in_safari_browser: no-group
ig_explore_holdout_universe: no-group
ig_ios_stories_iphonex_mirorring_enabled: Enabled
ig_ios_camera_use_offline_assets_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_insights_post_insights_v3: tray_test
ig_ios_stories_home_suggestion_units_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_fetch_fb_friends_universe: no-group
ig_ios_use_rctighttprequesthandler_for_all: control
ig_ios_feed_impression_in_marauder_real_time: Disabled
ig_ios_save_haptic_universe: Control - no haptic feedback
ig_ios_video_player_integrated_logger_direct: rollout
ig_ios_live_comment_prompts_universe: rollout
ig_ios_beta_channel_univers: no-group
ig_ios_ff_async_loading_universe: test
ig_ios_video_playback_bandwidth_threshold: control
ig_ios_live_broadcaster_reshare: Disabled
ig_ios_oval_notification_bar: Disabled
ig_ios_sms_consent_phone_update_profile_universe: test
ig_ios_stories_selfie_sticker: Disabled
ig_ios_branded_content_remove_me_universe: test
ios_camera_capture_button_responsiveness: no-group
ig_ios_direct_bug_bash_unread_message_indicator_fix: Disabled
ig_stories_quick_reactions_universe2: Disabled
ig_ios_video_asset_dealloc_delay: 1000ms
ig_ios_feed_disable_impression_tracking_universe: Control
ig_ios_immersive_viewer: Control
ig_ios_new_pending_inbox_header: Disabled
ig_ios_zero_rating_outside_instagram_consent: control
ig_ios_show_cta_when_scrolling_in_profile_universe: test
ig_ios_progress_segment_view_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_branded_content_violating_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_prod_lockout_universe: no-group
ig_ios_search_tab_back_to_explore: Disabled
ig_ios_main_feed_position_nudge_universe: no-group
ig_ios_one_tap_ui_improve: no-group
ig_ios_in_app_banner_on_foreground_fix_universe: rollout
ig_ios_scroll_perf_metric: Disabled
ig_ios_live_fix_low_quality_universe: rollout
ig_ios_fbsdk_asynchronous_cache_universe: rollout
ig_ios_business_conversion_skip_fb_login_with_first_party_token: Disabled
ig_ios_background_preview_rendering_universe: no-group
ig_ios_stories_camera_entry: no-group
ig_ios_ad_tappable_pbia_universe: no-group
ig_ios_story_ads_landscape_media_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_video_sound_enable_sticky_universe: rollout
ig_ios_shopping_profile_shoppable_feed_empty_state: Disabled
ig_ios_save_collections_pivots: rollout
ig_ios_stories_format_racecar: no-group
ig_ios_new_follow_notification: CONTROL
ig_rn_top_posts_stories_nux_universe: test
ig_ios_stories_scale_gallery_universe: control
ig_ios_video_detail_universe: control
ig_ios_server_results_for_at_mentions_in_comments: test
ig_ios_business_inbox_management_universe: no-group
ig_ios_live_social_context_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_profile_impression_tracking_fixes_universe: no-group
ig_ios_discover_people_tab_nav_without_animation_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_lowlight_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_video_player_logging_fixes_universe: rollout_7_21
ig_remove_fb_store_token_on_login: LAUNCH
ig_ios_comments_inline_expansion_universe: test
ig_ios_watch_install_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_tabbed_hashtags_locations_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_follow_retry_service_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_business_conversion_skip_storing_page_first_party_token: Disabled
ig_ios_branded_content_gray_sponsor_universe: test
ig_ad_account_social_context_universe: control
ig_biz_profile_extendable_contact_bar: no-group
ig_ios_growth_refresh_feed_after_discover_people_follows_universe: control
ig_ios_ad_app_install_optimization_universe: no-group
ig_video_max_duration_v2_universe: no-group
ig_ios_mqtt_route: test_django
ig_ios_live_guest_reshare: Disabled
ig_ios_ad_watchbrowse_cta_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_sticker_search: Rollout
ig_ios_livewith_viewer_count_refresh_universe: no-group
ig_ios_post_chaining_universe: launch
ig_ios_dogfooder_updater_bar: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_format_slomo: control
ig_ios_livewith_universe: Rollout
ig_ios_carousel_autoscroll_universe: control
ig_ios_face_auto_exposure_universe: no-group
ig_ios_camera_single_tap_to_show_mask_tray_universe: Disabled
ig_promote_guided_ad_preview_newscreen: no-group
ig_stories_stop_motion_universe: control
ig_ios_live_request_to_join_consumption_universe: Rollout
ios_add_internal_sandbox_setting: Disabled
ig_ios_aysf_feed_unit_cache_universe: control
ig_ios_ad_add_per_event_counter_to_logging_universe: xcontrol
ig_ios_direct_recipient_throttled_search: no-group
ig_ios_watch_lead_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_family_bridges_entry_points: bookmark off
ig_reset_to_feed_universe: Control
ig_ios_media_upload_flow_direct_universe: test
ig_ios_carousel_refactoring: Disabled
ig_ios_save_locations: Disabled
ig_ios_profile_feed_preload_universe: control
ig_ios_video_transcode_with_fixed_frame_rate_universe: test
ig_ios_enable_new_bakeoff_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_one_tap_upsell_nux_universe: control
ig_ios_direct_visual_permanent: no-group
ig_ios_video_volume_ramp_up_universe: no-group
ig_ios_live_viewer_reshare: Disabled
ig_ios_comment_audience_control_universe: test
ig_ios_direct_24h_replay: no-group
ig_ios_react_native_ota_show_developer_alerts_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_activity_feed_click_state_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_low_resolution_draft_upload_universe: test_draft_low_res
ig_ios_password_less_registration_universe: test
ig_ios_direct_share_story_to_messenger_nux: Disabled
ig_ios_discover_people_3d_touch_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_shopping_sidecar_preview_universe: Disabled
ig_fbns_blocked: disabled
ig_explore_ios_universe: no-group
ig_ios_main_feed_warm_start_refresh_interval_universe: Control - 3m inactive, 5m stale
ig_ios_story_animation_view_cycle_fix: All
ig_business_edit_category_ios: control
ig_ios_default_to_non_square_asset: Disabled
ig_ios_video_renderer_copiessampledata: control
ig_ios_direct_share_story_to_facebook: test
ig_ios_invite_contact_unvierse: Disabled
ig_ios_autoupdater_universe: Disabled
ig_uig_prefill_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_follow_back_button_on_profile_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_whatsapp_share_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_ff_story_open_tray: Disabled
ig_ios_photo_story_duration_universe: control
ig_ios_2fac: test
ios_ig_explore_undo_sfplt_universe: test
ig_ios_foreground_location_collection_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_business_conversion_no_phone_check_universe: TEST
ig_ios_sidecar_video_upload_i_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_favorites_story_creation_tooltip: Disabled
ig_follow_in_immersive_viewer_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_view_mode_toggle_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_save_recorded_broadcast_to_camera_roll: control
ig_ios_direct_typing_indicator_for_visual_message: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_4xx_5xx_stale_refresh_2: control
ig_android_http_stack_experiment_2017: test_2017
ig_ios_peek_main_feed_tray_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_search_client_caching_universe: Client_and_Bootstrap
ig_ios_search_tab_back_to_top: Disabled
ig_ios_media_flow_cleanup_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_comment_ranking_universe: test
ig_ios_liger_preconnect_universe: Disabled
ig_non_fb_connected_contextual_nux: no-group
ig_ios_haptic_feedback_like_universe: control
ig_ios_livewith_tango_inapp_notif: no-group
ig_ios_ios11_creation_render_bug_fix: Enabled
ig_ios_live_camera_tab_presence: no-group
ig_ios_aml_face_tracker_universe: AML_face_tracker_v5
ig_feed_hard_code_index_cleanup: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_in_feed_unit_redesign_universe: rollout
ig_ios_livewith_video_frames_stalling_config: no-group
ig_search_null_state_universe: no-group
ig_ios_search_null_state_rewrite_3: Test
ig_ios_analytics_sharedcontainer_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_watch_browse_universe: test
ios_ig_direct_sticker: Disabled
ig_ios_video_player_logging: Disabled
ig_ios_archive_sharing_universe: control
ig_ios_dismiss_spinner_on_fb_button: Disabled
ig_ios_top_search_from_bootstrap: test
ig_ios_new_iab_universe: control
ig_ios_direct_failure_notification: control
ig_ios_segmentation_models: Disabled
ig_ios_cta_animation_for_double_tap_universe: test
ig_ios_comment_impressions_universe: test_visible_comments_only
ig_ios_comments_nullstate_universe: control
ig_ios_direct_sqlite_universe: no-group
ig_ios_direct_vertical_reshare_sheet: rollout
ig_ios_fb_family_bridges_badging: no-group
ig_ios_show_animation_teaser_for_aymf_unit_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_comment_audience_control_group_selection_universe: test
ig_business_growth_acquisition_holdout_17h2: Disabled
ig_ios_business_fblogin_tokenrenewal_universe: no-group
ig_ios_story_gallery_time_limit: rollout
ig_ios_show_ci_prompt_after_learn_more_dismissal_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_insights_account_metric_graphs: Disabled
ig_ios_use_first_party_token_in_nux_screens_universe: control
ig_ios_mqtt_subscribe_to_feedback_like_model: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_verified: Disabled
ig_ios_deeplinking_3: test_group
ig_ios_live_join_comment_ui_change_universe: Deploy
ig_ios_caption_selection_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_thread_loading_flicker_fix: Disabled
ig_ios_live_encore_reel_chaining_universe: deploy
ig_ios_compact_feed_universe: launch
ig_ios_story_tray_vertical_universe: no-group
ig_ios_ff_intruction_duration_universe: control
ig_video_copyright_whitelist_qe: Disabled
ig_ios_activity_feed_new_people_feed_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_inbox_ephemeral_upgrades: no-group
ig_ios_shopping_viewer_share_action: Disabled
ig_ios_fallback_no_latency_to_regular_channel_universe: Enabled
ig_ios_ad_connection_manager_universe: rollout
ig_ios_memory_profiler: no-group
ig_ios_video_resumable_transcoder_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_prefill_username_that_fails_one_tap_login: Disabled
ig_promote_guided_creation_flow: ignore
ig_promote_independent_ctas_universe: test
ig_ios_open_app_store_inapp_universe: no-group
ig_feed_engagement_holdout_universe: Test
ig_ios_in_app_browser_kill_switch: Disabled
ig_ios_business_conversion_page_contact_import_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_livewith_invite_timeout_universe: no-group
ig_ios_discover_people_profile_entry_point_universe: no-group
ig_ios_aymf_pagination_universe: test
ig_ios_business_conversion_new_navigation: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_auto_retry_bootstrap_network_fetch: Disabled
ig_ios_portrait_mode_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_video_should_start_story_universe: Test
ig_early_cold_start_holdout: everyone_else
ig_ios_user_tagging_search_from_bootstrap: control
ig_ios_camera_tap_smile_icon_to_selfie_universe: no-group
ig_ios_perf_remote_assets: Disabled
ig_ios_shopping_show_shop_tooltip_universe: Disabled
ig_promote_clicks_estimate_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_video_player_integrated_logger: no-group
ig_business_limit_admined_pages: control
ig_ios_su_aysf_redesign: no-group
ig_ios_react_native_universe: control
ig_ios_save_from_main_creation_flow: test
ig_ios_webview_redirect_tracking_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_feed_avatar_stories_nux_universe: no-group
ig_ios_profile_caching_universe: no-group
ig_ios_react_native_universe_kill_switch: test
ig_promote_profile_visit_cta_universe: test
ios_h2_scroll_perf_improvements: comments_qe_exposure_v25
ig_one_tap_based_reg_login: test_email_reg_login_12_06_2017
ig_ios_stories_eyedropper_saved_palette_enabled: Disabled
ig_ios_shopping_react_native_catalog_settings_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_app_switching: no-group
ig_ios_new_business_endpoint: test
ig_ios_react_native_ota: test
ig_ios_stop_video_on_request_playback: Disabled
ig_ios_profile_loading_fixes_universe: no-group
ig_ios_search_prefetch_null_state_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_user_search_from_bootstrap: test
ig_ios_low_light_exposure_bias: Medium
ig_ios_live_face_effects_allow_internal: Disabled
ig_ios_video_fnf_iosurface_player_layer: Disabled
ig_ios_business_fbpage_cross_post_promotions_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_social_context: social_context
ig_ios_enable_app_review_popup: Enabled
ig_biz_profile_ugc_bar: Disabled
ig_ios_minimum_threshold_nux_follows_universe: no-group
ig_stories_selfie_sticker: launch
enable_nux_language: Disabled
ig_ios_post_live_prefetch_enabled: rollout
ig_organic_insights_base: Disabled
ig_ios_insta_local_notification_universe: control
ig_ios_direct_inbox_presence_privacy_setting: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_one_tap_share_sheet: test_sending
ig_business_id_page_claim_universe: CONTROL
ig_ios_direct_app_app_switch_swipe: Enabled
ig_ios_direct_story_preview_button_config: test_send_to
ig_ios_interests_irrelevant_media_universe: test
ig_ios_composition_not_nullify: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_paused_on_resign_active_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_remove_failed_one_tap_login_user: control
ig_ios_stories_weblinks_creation_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_universal_link_login: Disabled
ig_ios_remove_fb_nux_if_no_fbios: Disabled
ig_shopping_insights: Disabled
ig_comments_team_holdout_universe: no_holdout
ig_ios_branded_content_notification_universe: Disabled
ig_business_conversion_new_endpoint: Disabled
ig_ios_send_location_with_tray: Disabled
ig_ios_upload_retry_video_background_timeout_uploads: Disabled
ig_ios_comments_dim_effect_universe: Disabled
ig_interest_account_3up_recs: control
ig_ios_terms_removed_registration_experiment_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_comments_ui_redesign_universe: test_new_composer_with_direct_button_on_navigation_bar
ig_ios_list_redesign_universe: test
ig_comments_feed_inline_composer_combined_universe: no-group
ig_video_holdout_h2_2017: test
ig_ios_international_add_payment_flow_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_internaldeveloper_settings_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_live_face_effects: enabled
ig_ios_reappearing_stories_tray_universe: no-group
ig_ios_ad_viewability_bug_fix_universe: Disabled
ig_reg_auto_complete_email_domain: no-group
ig_ios_video_renderer_autorelease_pool: Enabled
ig_ios_new_discover_people_page_universe: test
ig_ios_direct_double_tap_to_like_text: control
ig_ios_video_upload_params: treatment_9_26
ig_promote_guided_budget_duration_options_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_comments_notif_to_comments: Disabled
ig_ios_profile_comments_lazy_fetch: Disabled
ig_ios_chain_self_stories_into_stories_tray: Disabled
ig_ios_profile_layout_universe: contextual_feed
instagram_interests_holdout: everyone_else
ig_ios_story_imp_logging_fix_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_live_transparent_viewer_list: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_emojiful_input: Disabled
ig_ios_sidecar_entry_point_universe: Control
ig_ios_finsta_holdout_universe_v2: not holdout (pass)
ios_ig_fb_deeplink_fix_launch_11_31: control
ig_ios_media_upload_auto_retry_universe: no-group
ig_ios_collections_feed_upsell: test
ig_challenge_kill_switch: test
ig_qp_tooltip: Disabled
ig_ios_feed_visibility_tracking_bugfix: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_camera_set_audio_session_mode: enabled
ig_ios_instacam: test
ig_ios_business_conversion_business_id_universe: Disabled
ig_liger_holdout: everyone_else
ig_ios_growth_add_add_button_to_tab_bar_mas: Disabled
ig_ios_find_friends_frame_bug_fix_holdout_universe: control
ig_ios_direct_visual_reply_thumbnails: test
ig_ios_stories_poll_sticker_share: Test
ig_promote_daily_budget_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_activation_welcome_card_with_ads_bug_fix_universe: control
ig_ios_stories_overlay_separation_universe: no-group
ig_tray_takeover_universe: control
ig_ios_shopping_tag_hint_appearance: Classic (default)
ig_typeahead_search_ranking_universe: no-group
ig_ios_show_fb_linkage_after_logout_and_relogin_universe: test
ig_ios_remove_followers_universe: removeFollowersEnabled
ig_ios_cookie_universe: control
ig_biz_show_alert_last_step: Disabled
ig_ios_unified_camera: control
ig_ios_live_fb_e2e_logger_universe: test
ig_feed_ranking: like_4_time_2_2
ig_ios_ad_async_ad_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_pin_thread: Disabled
instant_activity_badge_universe: Disabled
ig_feed_item_logging_cleanup_universe: Test
ig_ios_enable_new_interest_survey_universe: test
ig_ios_top_search_client_side_matching_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_bi_inline_appeal_universe: test
ig_ios_shopping_shelf_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_mqtt_region_hint_universe: test
ig_ios_top_search_new_flat_endpoint_universe: Disabled
ig_promote_split_objectives_universe: control
ig_ios_video_player_integrated_logger_feed_ads_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_insights_account_insights_v2_universe: Disabled
ig_shopping_viewer_intent_actions: Disabled
ig_feed_lockdown: no_holdout
ig_ios_direct_permanent_media_zoom: test
ig_ios_collapse_main_feed_app_header_universe: no-group
ig_ios_stories_landscape_media_universe: no-group
ig_checkpoint_rn_flow_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_live_request_to_join_production_universe: rollout
ig_ios_fnf_black_flash_fix_universe: rollout
ig_ios_stories_captured_media_recovery_universe: no-group
ig_ios_activity_hide_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_interactive_link_presentation: Disabled
ig_ios_canvas_swipe_to_open_universe: test
ig_ios_registration_robo_call_time: Test_120_seconds
ig_ios_react_native_insights_stories_grid_view: Disabled
ig_ios_use_dismiss_icon_button_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_use_new_click_logging_for_stories: Disabled
ig_ios_ad_leadgen_single_screen_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_sticker_alignment_snapping: enabled
ig_ios_handoff: control
ig_ios_hashtag_aymf_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_media_upload_flow_carousel_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_bitrate_estimate_bayes_universe: no-group
ig_ios_video_cover_frame_on_server_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_explore_video_scroll_perf: no-group
ig_ios_video_fnf_options_universe: test_9_21
ig_ios_live_abr_universe: test_11_6
ig_ios_share_media_interstitial_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_add_to_story_profile_picture_universe: Disabled
ig_promote_default_cta: test
ig_ios_social_context_fb_connect_nux_universe: control
ig_ios_video_feed_universe: no-group
ig_ios_direct_local_search: no-group
ig_ios_livewith_codec_preference_universe: no-group
ig_ios_ive_prefetching_universe: control
ig_ios_stories_eyedropper_color_picker_enabled: enabled
ig_direct_launch_app_ads: Disabled
ig_ios_live_exclusive_audio_session: Disabled
ig_ios_album_video_upload_params: medium
ig_ios_activity_feed_row_tappable_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_main_feed_advancement_universe: Early
ig_ios_disk_usage_universe: no-group
ig_profile_holdout_2017_universe: everyone_else
ig_ios_insights_relay_modern_conversion_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_main_feed_hide_post_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_liger_perf_universe: no-group
ig_ios_remove_discover_people_universe: test
ig_ios_upload_retry_direct_story_uploads: Disabled
ig_ios_instaframe_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_main_feed_floating_headers_universe: test
ig_ios_mqtt_subscribe_to_direct_typing_model: test
ig_ios_ad_collection_thumbnail_cta_universe: Disabled
ig_growth_feed_x_sharing: no-group
ig_ios_main_app_scrolling_container_navigation_event_fix_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_shopping_tag_should_show_caret_universe: test
ig_ios_double_like_auto_advance_universe: no-group
ig_ios_webrtc_audio_source_universe: Enabled
ig_ios_sidecar_nonsquare: deploy
ig_ios_video_resource_loader_queue_universe: control
ig_ios_comment_category_filter_setting_universe: test_enabled
ig_ios_favorites_intro_nux: test
ig_ios_remove_fb_nux_if_fb_signup: LAUNCH
ig_ios_explore_scroll_fetch_next_page_universe: test
ig_ios_shopping_signup_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_video_fnf_thread_universe: rollout_5_15
ig_ios_stories_fast_autofocus: Disabled
ig_ios_video_new_time_logging_universe: test_zero_lsp
ig_ios_live_encore_consumption_universe: launch
ig_ios_cloud_id_in_registration_universe: contact
ig_ios_creation_manual_image_caching: rollout
ig_ios_main_feed_follow_button_style_universe: no-group
ig_branded_content_show_settings_universe: test
ig_ios_business_conversion_new_visuals_universe: TEST_3
ig_ios_archive_features_holdout_universe: deploy
ig_ios_mqtt_over_whistle: Disabled
ig_ios_upload_service_photo_universe: control
ig_ios_activity_refresh_universe: no-group
ig_ios_comment_show_keyboard_after_deeplinking_universe: no-group
ig_ios_stories_fast_boomerang: Disabled
ig_ios_server_password_error_highlight_universe: test_10_19_2017
ig_ios_main_feed_real_time_impression_tracking_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_eyedropper_color_picker_for_text: enabled
ig_explore_netego: control
ig_search_user_auto_complete_cache_sync_ttl: test
ig_ios_livewith_invite_list_v1: no-group
ig_ios_main_feed_refresh_style_universe: no-group
ig_promote_relay_modern: control
ig_branded_content_share_to_facebook: Disabled
ig_explore_default_to_search: no-group
ig_ios_multi_author_story_reshare_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_video_upload_skip_status_fetch: control
instagram_search_and_coefficient_holdout: everyone_else
ig_ios_show_social_context_in_follow_requests: test
ig_ios_main_feed_load_distance_universe: Launch
ig_ios_direct_recipient_search_improvement: Disabled
ig_ios_aymf_feed_unit_nudge_universe: test
ig_ios_default_multi_select: Disabled
ig_ios_shopping_tag_creation_support_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_save_refactor: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_sqlite_persist_to_none_cache_directory: Disabled
ig_ios_video_player_organic_feed_resume_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_fast_webview_scrolling: Disabled
ig_ios_react_native_email_sms_settings_universe: test
ig_ios_comments_error_state_universe: Disabled
ig_direct_core_holdout_q4_2017: deploy
ig_ios_branded_content: Disabled
ig_ios_vertical_tray_close_viewer_scroll_position_universe: no-group
ig_ios_segmented_transcoder_universe: test_stories
ig_ios_post_live_viewer_count_privacy_updated_universe: Hide viewer side viewer count
ig_design_standards_view_count_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_fb_token_username_suggestion_2: Disabled
ig_ios_hashtag_page_redesign_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_max_concurrent_uploads_universe: control
ig_ios_empty_feed_aymf_post_refinements_universe: control
ig_ios_ad_watchbrowse_carousel_universe: Disabled
ios_sfplt_grid: Disabled
ig_login_typeahead_improve: launch
ig_ios_ad_watchmore_overlay_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_sponsored_rageshake_logging_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_post_notifs_in_main_feed_universe: no-group
ig_ios_live_location: Disabled
ig_ios_video_player_integrated_logger_stories_ads_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_format_hyperzoom: test
ig_ios_follow_request_in_profile_redesign_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_inbox_presence: Disabled
ig_ios_business_instant_experience_profile_universe: no-group
ig_ios_iphonex_volume_indicator_universe: test
ios_invite_general: launch
ig_ios_shopping_share_sheet_draft_support: Disabled
ig_ios_face_filter_avoid_redownloading_same_effect: no-group
ig_ios_main_feed_refresh_universe: Control
ig_ios_follow_primitives_universe: no-group
ig_ios_enable_direct_post_action_loggin_universe: Enabled
ig_ios_direct_local_null_state: TEST
ig_upload_retry_experiment_rollout_universe: rollout
ig_ios_live_drawing_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_video_autoplay_fix_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_main_feed_no_background_fetch_universe: Control
ig_ios_collections_tap_threshold: rollout
ig_ios_video_fnf_loop_count_universe: Disabled
ig_stories_quick_reactions_universe: Disabled
instagram_direct_unsend_visual_messages: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_consumption_chaining: test_tooltip
ig_promote_reach_destinations_universe: no-group
ig_ios_sidecar_holdout: Disabled
ig_ios_favorites_list_inline_adding: test
ig_promote_reachbar_universe: Disabled
ig_ads_increase_connection_step2_v2: control
ig_ios_comments_draft_comments_universe: Disabled
ig_win_video_fnf_thread: control
ig_ios_ppr: control
ig_fb_connected_contextual_nux: no-group
ig_ios_insta_video_default_audio_enabled: rollout
ig_ios_bc_editing_tag_universe: test
ig_ios_skip_contacts_import_page_from_activator_cell_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_su_cache_universe: launch
ig_stories_holdout_h2_2017: deploy
ig_search_client_h1_2017_holdout: everyone_else
ig_ios_resend_sms_code_alert_universe: Disabled
ig_promote_budget_duration_slider_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_cpu_spin_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_video_upload_enable_non_segmented_protocol: control
ig_ios_fb_nux_for_russian_locale_with_fb_not_installed_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_superzoom_first: test
ig_ios_drafts_multi_select: test
ig_ios_uig_phone_prefill: CONTROL
ig_ios_ad_mae_mai_app_store_ratings_universe: control
ig_ios_livewith_viewer_list_guest_enabled: Rollout
ig_ios_save_public_collections: Disabled
ig_stories_viewer_prefetch_continue_on_navigation_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_business_conversion_five_languages_new_visuals_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_view_more: no-group
ig_ios_prefetch_manage_universe: control
ig_ios_direct_bug_bash_inbox_merge_cache_purge_fix: Disabled
ig_business_messaging_cta_on_contact_bar: Disabled
ig_ios_save_screenshot_upsell: Control group
ig_ios_post_live_abr_universe: rollout
ig_ios_prefetch_facebook_invite_list: Disabled
ig_ios_comments_nuxes_universe: test_show_comment_threading_nux
ig_ios_video_should_start_live_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_friend_code: Disabled
ig_ios_business_add_payment_flow: Disabled
ig_ios_power_metrics_logging_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_ccu_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_voiceover_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_comment_cell_tap_universe: enabled
ig_ios_save_collection_feed_tooltip: Disabled
ig_ios_list_redesign_activity_universe: test
ig_ios_camera_resume_assets_download_when_camera_visible_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_low_res_top_live_emitter_cell_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_skip_nux_alert_popup: Control
ig_nearby_business_whitelist_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_library_grid_column_universe: control - 4
ig_ios_direct_disable_4xx_network_retry: control
ig_ios_stories_3rd_party_import: Enabled
ig_ios_explore_performance: no-group
ig_ios_direct_employee_debug: Disabled
ig_ios_shopping_profile_cta_whitelist_users_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_story_camera_ff_badge: no-group
ig_carousel_animation: delegate_to_feed_ranking_universe_group
ig_ios_post_live_badge_universe: deploy
ig_ios_new_face_filter_story_badging: no-group
ig_ios_direct_notifications_background_fetch: no-group
ig_ios_comment_show_keyboard_after_comments_load_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_cookiestore_dedupe_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_show_badge_in_discover_people_section_header_universe: test
ig_ios_media_upload_flow_universe: control
ig_ios_direct_thread_presence: Disabled
ig_ios_delayed_executor_tuning: TEST1
ig_ios_app_group_testing: Disabled
ig_ios_add_to_story_tooltip_universe: Enabled
ig_ios_nux_megaphones_tappable: test
ig_ios_direct_raven_viewer_reply_upgrades: test_viewer_and_pill
ig_ios_new_creation_flow: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_new_upload_model_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_story_resharing_universe: rollout
ig_ios_listkit_universe: control
ig_ios_one_tap_upsell_dialog_login_universe: no-group
ig_ios_video_controls_universe: no-group
ig_ios_direct_share_sheet_group_section_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_inbox_ui_reloading: Disabled
ig_ios_favorites_story_shortcut: test
ig_ios_translation_reload_fix_universe: control
ig_ios_live_wave_production_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_live_viewer_like_while_commenting: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_gif_stickers: Disabled
ig_reg_login: create_new_account_11072017
ig_ios_pjpeg_universe: test_public_pipeline
ig_ios_cache_efficiency_logger_universe: control
ig_ios_camera_faster_preview_overlay: no-group
ig_ios_image_upload_universe: no-group
ig_ios_new_user_tagging_flow: Disabled
ig_ios_shopping_tag_reveal_on_engagement_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_stories_rich_text_mode_universe: no-group
ig_ios_camera_use_photo_output: Disabled
ig_ios_show_one_tap_row_in_settings: Disabled
ig_perf_disk_inbox_cleanup_universe: test
ig_ios_fb_nux_for_russian_locale_with_fb_installed_universe: test
ig_ios_shopping_viewer_more_from_business_universe: rollout
ig_promote_guided_education_bar_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_follow_req_notif_landing_dest_change_universe: test
ig_ios_direct_unified_story_gallery_universe: no-group
ig_ios_shopping_tag_products_tooltip: Disabled
ig_ios_threaded_comments_universe: Test
ig_chaining_direct_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_new_iab_in_story_universe: no-group
ig_fnf_separate_buffer_from_layer: control_10_11
ig_ios_feed_nudging_universe: deploy
ig_ios_feed_log_missing_impressions_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_direct_suggested_inbox: test
ig_ios_urlencoding_fix_universe: Disabled
ig_mqtt_realtime_iris_experiment_universe: no-group
ig_ios_direct_quality_universe: not holdout (pass)
ig_ios_favorites_only: rollout
ig_ios_feed_carousel_bumping: Enabled
ig_ios_live_viewer_comment_prompt_universe: control
ig_stories_engagement_2017_h2_holdout_universe: not holdout (pass)
ig_ios_network_stack_configuration_universe: TigonLiger_Rollout_15_2
ig_ios_disable_autoupdater_universe: fb_updater
ig_ios_promote_feedback_channel_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_fb_connected_posted_contextual_nux: no-group
ig_ios_stories_upload_quality_universe: no-group
ig_ios_react_native_push_settings_refactor_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_show_one_tap_login_on_contact_point_signin_button_tapped_universe: no-group
ig_ios_stories_archive_universe: all
ig_ios_explore_cached_location_universe: control
ig_ios_promote_nux_universe: test_v3
ig_ios_insights_holdout: Disabled
ig_ios_coretextcontext_universe: control
ig_ios_video_tap_to_continue_tooltip: Control
ig_ios_insta_video_consumption: jumpahead_conservative
ig_ios_stories_multi_edit: Disabled
ig_ios_growth_account_switch_perf_logging: Disabled
ig_ios_video_upload_skip_cover_photo_upload: Disabled
ig_ios_ad_holdout_watchandmore_universe: pass
ig_ios_story_notification_hardcode_to_feed_universe: Disabled
ig_ios_rage_shake_install_universe: test
ig_ios_favorites_profile_badge: test
ig_ios_main_feed_seen_state_sync_to_disk_on_request_succeed: no-group
ig_perf_ios_holdout: everyone_else
ig_ios_shopping_profile_cta_universe: rollout
ig_ios_face_filter_post_launch_universe: no-group
ig_ios_ad_move_carousel_indicator_to_ufi_universe: rollout
ig_payments_entry_point: Disabled
ig_ios_feeditem_context_textrow_refactor_universe: test
ig_stories_gallery_icon: launch
ig_ios_direct_story_viewer_on_mention: Disabled
ig_ios_save_feed_nux: Disabled
